---
layout: default
img: 
category: Publications
title: "List of Publications"
description: |
---

### Complete List
<!---
- [ResearchGate](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Daniela_Cassol)
-->

- [GoogleScholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=gNOcE4AAAAAJ&hl=en)

<!---
- [Complete list of publications](img/publication.pdf)
-->

### Main papers
- Stefanie Lumnitz; Dani Arribas-Bell; Renan Cortes; James Gaboardi; Verena Griess; Wei Kang; Taylor Oshan; Levi Wolf; and Sergio Rey (2020). `splot` - visual analytics for spatial statistics. *Journal of Open Source Software* (2020). 5(47). url: https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01882. doi: 10.21105/joss.01882

- Cortes, Renan Xavier; Rey, Sergio; Knaap, Elijah, and Wolf, Levi. "An open-source framework for non-spatial and spatial segregation measures: the PySAL `segregation` module. *Journal of Computational Social Science* (2019): 1-32.

- Colombo, J. A., Cortes, R. X., Cruz, F. I., and Paese, L. H. (2018). Building State-Level Business Cycle Tracer Tools: Evidence from a Large Emerging Economy. *International Journal of Economics and Finance*, 10(5), 14.

- Cortes, Renan Xavier, Adelar Fochezatto, and Paulo de Andrade Jacinto. "Crimes nos municípios do Rio Grande do Sul: análise a partir de um índice geral de criminalidade." *Estudos Econômicos (São Paulo)* 48.3 (2018): 451-487.

- Cortes, R. X., Martins, T. G., Prates, M. O., and Silva, B. A. (2017). Inference on dynamic models for non-Gaussian random fields using INLA. *Brazilian Journal of Probability and Statistics*, 31(1), 1-23.

- de Oliveira, Lívio Luiz Soares, and Renan Xavier Cortes. "Faith and religious attendance in Brazil." *Rationality and Society* 28.3 (2016): 320-334.

- CORTES, R. X.; FOCHEZATTO, A. ; JACINTO, P. A. . Daylight Saving Time and Homicides: light effect in crimes of a Brazilian state. *ANÁLISE ECONÔMICA (UFRGS)*, 2020. (Forthcoming)

